until warmed by hand has little by little
go that's what i want to say here
nothing especially now you will not see
only maybe try
I hardly promise to crawl a little deeper
what's going on but somewhere I'm going friend
prepare brandy hands fall off just
horror moving on I don't know which one
greenhouse go here this house spring 25 and
Further here you see houses here
walking
here is not a single trace true recently
quite met the trail of a hare
moving on taking short
vidyukhi so that you can then throw
wards suddenly then ruin
what kind of wash basin I go bath
Friend to you than where
here is the first school road from the highlight
the side of the petrel the whole road
blurry so you have to
drive around by primary school
to the left and through the center through the central
department store let's go Lenin and this is the rest
famous department store if anyone remembers here
this pharmacy
This street Lenin and here is our house I will go
I'll try to get in there
see what remains alive can
be something and find
joffrey's vocabulary he is there too something
have memories go quickly because
which is very cold outside minus 42
degrees the hand falls off here it is
the famous staircase is gonna be right now
approach our porch like this
devastation here moving on now
I will go to our house this barn and this
our house is such a ruin 10
draw in the cold iphone just
stops working already several times
cut in here is all that remains of our
home, our wallpaper still look
rejoice looked into the barn nothing
special but cold to horror again
show our famous staircase here it is
she will not rise very much
Hall lessons had to fall off
change
one glove hands the other glove
Here is a beautiful view all white white
snow about knee and very
it's cold today from 42 to 45
so many have guessed
we are located at street peace house 7
Here such bushes grew generally higher than
yana 1 times 2 meters
Our codes Well, let's try to enter our
famous
the apartments unfortunately here were small
fire here snow knee-high
move on while the iphone battery
and unfortunately not intended for such
frost on the street 43 45 degrees here it is
this is a veranda
try to go further we go if you
what so the rack remained burned
famous face noise horizontal bar here for
glands all left here tire
from the bike it's probably from this
move on knocking unfortunately the roof
inundated cannot move further
and a window in the front garden if you remember
try to side with the front garden
sire side of the front garden of faith quiet wounds
In short this remember yes here he is a front garden
what we see here is nothing special but
all very famous attic here's the window here
vertical house that is your own apartment
the house I used to live here spent the summer
sorry, it's all very dark try
take off very cold
you were not surprised very dark nothing
can not see
upper here is such a technique moves
sugar republics and the way even
state numbers are
why do we need them
must be registered
somewhere drove